This problem involves eliminating the same numbers and finding
the odd occurring number. As we already know using bitwise
XOR we can eliminate the same numbers.
So we can use bitwise XOR to solve this problem.
Just declare a variable to store the result
on that result XOR all the numbers one by one
while doing bitwise XOR all the same numbers 3 3
and 4 4 will cancel out and it will become 0.
Finally the remaining numbers are zero and five
If we XOR a number with zero we will get
the same number.
So zero XOR five will give five which is
our expected output.
So the logic for this problem is very simple.
Just XOR all the numbers in a common variable. It's the result
and finally return it.